Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to download the data from the Passover show that we can show them to
the user in other places we've controller.
And remember in places we have controller we only have one table view so we don't have to get every
data from PA server at this point.
We don't have to get the image we don't have to get the latitude longitude.
We just have to get the names so that we can display the names.
And in addition to name I'm going to get the object idea as well.
So when a user taps one off the table view items I'm going to pass this object I.D. information to the
details view controller and in details we controller I'm gonna get everything related to one single
object I.D. so that it will be efficient for me.
I'm just going to download image for example for only one item at one time.
So let's do the table we'll set up as you might remember we're going to have to add this table we've
delegate and table wheel data source to our places we see and we have to say table we've got delegate
itself and table we've got data source itself.
So remember we have two more functions to call here and set our table you up.
So let me just write our arrays first because we're going to have to use those areas in our functions
as well.
So first of which will be placed they.
This will be a string Gary.
And again the place idea array.
This will be a string Gary as well as you can see this place I.D. our store their strings so later on
I can come over here to call my table to functions and first of them is SRO at index path.
So this one and we're gonna have to call number of rows in section as well.
So we're going to see return the place name array that count in here.
OK.
And we're going to create a new cell.
This is going to be a UI table we use so we don't need any fancy cell here because we going to just
display the place name so you can just come over here as a place name array index path.
That's row.
And we're gonna have to return to cell.
So that's good.
I'm doing this very fast because we have done this like a million times by now.
So let me do a command B and see if everything's OK.
Yeah.
Everything seems to be OK now.
Let's get this data from our server.
I'm going to do that under another function because it will be some kind of long function.
OK.
I don't want to write everything down there with that load but don't forget to call get data from parts
under the load.
So let's see if pass is important.
Yeah.
So we're creating the P.F. query and this will ask us for a class name.
So what is our class name.
It's places with all uppercase P.
So later on I'm going to say Curry dots find objects in background.
So this will give me some objects and errors.
Right.
So remember the objects and the errors.
And I'm going to check to see if areas not nil if error is not till I'm going to display an alert message
but if error is nil I'm going to do what I have to do.
So let me cut this error message actually so that I can create my make Ellard function under here as
well.
So this will be make Elliot and E. we're going to ask for title input.
OK.
This will be strings and we're going to ask for message input as well.
This will be again as strange.
So rather than saying error I'm going to say title input rather than saying.
Message I'm going to say message input.
So let's call this function over here first.
So if error is not nil I'm going to make Elliot and I'm going to call this error and the message will
be aired that localized description and I will provide the default value if this if this is empty or
something.
And in here I'm going to call s stop make Elliot one more time and I'm going to get this from error
localized description and I will provide a default option as well.
And we have to say s dot make it under here as well and else if everything works out fine.
What do we do.
We have to get individual objects and get their values right.
So we're going to do this under a for loop so if you say for object in objects it may give you an error
because this objects is actually optional as you might remember.
This gives us an optional P.F. object array.
So we have to force cost is actually but before we do that I suggest we check to see if objects is nil
or not.
Even though we know that there is not any error at this point I believe it's safer to check if objects
is nil.
OK.
So once we do that we can call for objecting objects and first cast this so for object in objects and
puts exclamation point.
And here you go.
Now I can get every single object out of that objects array so if I say object.
OK.
This one P.F. object and if I say dot I can get devalued giving Keys at this point so I can't reach
the P.F. object methods and functions because I have reached the individual object.
For example if you say object for key if you give any key here like name latitude longitude you can
get the name you can get the latitude you can get the longitude all they have to do is just give the
key and our key in this case is name.
So let me just write it one more time and you will see.
This will give me and any type so I'm gonna have to cast is as string.
And in order to make this work of course I'm going to use an if let's and I'm good I'm going to call
does a flat place name and if this works I'm going to actually check for a place I.D. as well.
And if you say object dot you will see that object I.D. actually comes with n and other methods.
So you don't have to give the key naming here you can just write object that object I.D. to get unique
idea of that object.
So this will give us the same idea that we are seeing in here.
So let's see objects that object I.D..
Let's try to cast as a string as well.
And if that's the case then I'm going to add this to place name array first place name Mary.
That's a pencil and I'm going to add the place name right.
And then later on I'm going to add this to my place idea array and this will be place I.D. so that I
will have the place name and the place I.D. of created places and then later on we're going to have
to call soft table table we've got three log data after the for loop and remember before the for loop
we have to actually make sure that our arrays are cleared so we're going to say remove all keeping capacity
falls place idea or a removal keeping capacity false.
So yep we cleared out the arrays in order to prevent duplication of the values.
Now we get the values we reload the data.
Now we are doing everything so let's see.
Here you go.
We got our data in Table view so now we only have one data.
But of course later on we're going to add another places and test this as well.
But now we can get this data and show it to the user in places where you controller.
Now all we have to do is just find a way and the user taps on this we can open the details we have controller
and we're going to show the other details of that chosen place to the user getting the pass data from
the power server.
Let's do that in the following lecture.